## API HOMEWORK OBSERVATIONS ##
Max temperature appears to change depending on the latitude of the city. Though common knowledge says that temperature increases as we approach the equator, the data suggests that the temperature peaks between 20 and 40 degrees latitude and decreases as we get farther. It is interesting to note that the latitudes of our random sample of cities dips around -55 degrees and peaks around 80 degrees, and thus the distribution of cities does not center around a latitude of 0 degrees. 

There doesn't appear to be as strong of a relaitonship between latitude and humidity, though given the graph, the latitudes with the cities with the lowest humidities apear to be around latitudes of -20 and 20 to 40 degrees. However the relationship is not very strong and more data might be needed to confirm sucha a relationship. More confidently though we can say that there are more cities with extremely high humidities (80 to 100%) than locations with extremely low humidities (0 to 20%) in our data. Therefore it appears that there are more cities located in areas of high humidity than locations of little to no humidity. This is probably reflective of humanity's dependence on water to survive.

There does not appear to be any relationship between latitude and the cloudiness of cities though the horizontal lines of dots on the graph suggests that during data collection, the same numbers were used for multiple locations instead of a variety of lessons. There does not seem to be any relationship between latitude and wind speed either. However, it appears that there are only a few locations with extremely high wind speeds and most of the locations have lower wind speeds.